FIGARO'S PASSWORD MANAGER 2, v0.77

Figaro's Password Manager 2 is a program that allows you to securely store the
passwords using GTK2 interface. Features include:
- Passwords are encrypted with the AES-256 algorithm.
- Copy passwords or usernames to the clipboard/primary selection.
- If the password is for a web site, FPM2 can keep track of the URLs of your
  login screens and can automatically launch your browser. In this capacity,
  FPM2 acts as a kind of bookmark manager.
- You can teach FPM2 to launch other applications, and optionally pass hostnames,
  usernames or passwords to the command line.
- FPM2 also has a password generator that can choose passwords for you. It
  allows you to determine how long the password should be, and what types of
  characters (lower case, upper case, numbers and symbols) should be used.
  You can even have it avoid ambiguous characters such as a capital O or the
  number zero.
- Auto-minimise and/or auto-locking passwords database after configurable time
  to the tray icon.

This is an beta release, and may contain bugs. Do let me know if you find
any, or have any other feedback.  

When you first start FPM2, it will prompt you for a password. This password
is used to generate the key FPM2 uses to encrypt your passwords. It is very
important that you choose a good password for FPM2. A good password is one
that you can easily remember, but others can not easily guess. It should be
at least eight characters long and it should not be a dictionary word. It is
vital that you remember this password. Should you forget it your passwords
will be unrecoverable, and there won't be anything I can do to help you.

Please feel free to contact me at als@regnet.cz with bug reports,
feature requests, comments or suggestions. I'm particularly interested in
anyone who has done a code read of the source looking for potential security
holes. One of the requirements I have for taking this software out of beta is
that enough people have looked at it for security problems.

Aleš Koval
als@regnet.cz
http://als.regnet.cz/fpm2/

This README originally written by:
    John Conneely
    jconneely@figaro.org
    http://www.figaro.org/fpm/
